.TH ST2SE 1 "31.7.2018"
.SH NAME
st2se \- convert strace output to libseccomp policy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B st2se
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\--help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\--verbose\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR]
[\fB\--debug\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR]
[\fB\--tracing\fR]
[\fB\-A\fR]
[\fB\--analyze-gramar\fR]
[\fB\-o\fR=\fIfile\fR]
[\fB\--output\fR=\fIfile\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR][
[\fB\--weak\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR][
[\fB\--strict\fR]
[\fB\-a\fR][
[\fB\--advanced\fR]
[\fB\--prolog\fR]
[\fB\--thread\fR]
.IR <filename> ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B st2se \fR converts the strace output to libseccomp policy. The strace input can be optimized with two algorithms which are minmax (emitted with -w) or DBSCAN (emitted with -a). The output is composed as rules in C/C++ language. Input can be provided by single or multiple files provided in runtime arguments as filenames.

.B st2se \fRworks on i386 and amd64 architectures. It is a one threaded one process program.

.SH GENERIC OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help\fR
Show help message.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose\fR
Turn on verbose mode.

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug\fR
Turn on debug mode.

.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-tracing\fR
Turn on parser tracing.

.TP
.BR \-A ", " \-\-analyze-gramar\fR
Run parser analysis.

.TP
.BR \-o =\fIFILE\fR ", "\fB\-\-output =\fIFILE\fR
Set output file.

.SH CONFIGURATION OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-weak\fR
Use minimax algorithm.

.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-strict\fR
Use strict algorithm.

.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-advanced\fR
Use DBSCAN algorithm.

.TP
.BR \-\-prolog\fR
Generate source code template.

.TP
.BR \-\-thread\fR
Add multithread or multiprocess support to filter

.SH NOTES
While the seccomp filter can be generated independent of the kernel, kernel support and libseccomp is required to load and enforce the seccomp filter generated by st2se.

The st2se project site, with more information and the source code repository can be found at <https://github.com/tammar96/IBP>. This tool is currently under development, please report any bugs at the project site or directly to the author.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Marek Tamaskovic <tamaskovic.marek@gmail.com>

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIstrace\fP(1),
\fIseccomp_init\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_load\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_merge\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_release\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_reset\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_rule_add\fP(3),
\fIseccomp_version\fP(3),
